at the same time says the Lord I will be
at the same time says the Lord I will be the God of all the families of Israel
the God of all the families of Israel
the God of all the families of Israel and they shall be my people thus says
and they shall be my people thus says
and they shall be my people thus says the Lord the people who survived the
the Lord the people who survived the
the Lord the people who survived the sword found grace in the wilderness
sword found grace in the wilderness
sword found grace in the wilderness Israel when I went to give him rest
Israel when I went to give him rest
Israel when I went to give him rest the Lord has appeared of old to me
the Lord has appeared of old to me
the Lord has appeared of old to me yes I have loved you with an everlasting
yes I have loved you with an everlasting
yes I have loved you with an everlasting love therefore with loving kindness I
love therefore with loving kindness I
love therefore with loving kindness I have drawn you again I will build you
have drawn you again I will build you
have drawn you again I will build you and you shall be rebuilt of virgin of
and you shall be rebuilt of virgin of
and you shall be rebuilt of virgin of Israel you shall again be adorned with
Israel you shall again be adorned with
Israel you shall again be adorned with your tambourines and shall go forth in
your tambourines and shall go forth in
your tambourines and shall go forth in the dances of those who rejoice usual
the dances of those who rejoice usual
the dances of those who rejoice usual yet plant vines on the mountains of
yet plant vines on the mountains of
yet plant vines on the mountains of Samaria the planters shall plant and eat
Samaria the planters shall plant and eat
Samaria the planters shall plant and eat them as ordinary food for there shall be
them as ordinary food for there shall be
them as ordinary food for there shall be a day when the Watchmen will cry on
a day when the Watchmen will cry on
a day when the Watchmen will cry on mount he frame arise and let us go up to
mount he frame arise and let us go up to
mount he frame arise and let us go up to Zion to the Lord our God
Zion to the Lord our God
Zion to the Lord our God for thus says the Lord sing with
for thus says the Lord sing with
for thus says the Lord sing with gladness for Jacob and shout among the
gladness for Jacob and shout among the
gladness for Jacob and shout among the chief of the nations proclaim give
chief of the nations proclaim give
chief of the nations proclaim give praise and say O Lord save your people
praise and say O Lord save your people
praise and say O Lord save your people the remnant of Israel behold I will
the remnant of Israel behold I will
the remnant of Israel behold I will bring them from the north country and
bring them from the north country and
bring them from the north country and gather them from the ends of the earth
gather them from the ends of the earth
gather them from the ends of the earth among them the blind and the lame the
among them the blind and the lame the
among them the blind and the lame the woman with child and the one who Labor's
woman with child and the one who Labor's
woman with child and the one who Labor's with child together a great throng shall
with child together a great throng shall
with child together a great throng shall return there they shall come with
return there they shall come with
return there they shall come with weeping and with supplications I will
weeping and with supplications I will
weeping and with supplications I will need them I will cause them to walk by
need them I will cause them to walk by
need them I will cause them to walk by the rivers of waters in a straight way
the rivers of waters in a straight way
the rivers of waters in a straight way in which they shall not stumble for I am
in which they shall not stumble for I am
in which they shall not stumble for I am a father to Israel and Ephraim is my
a father to Israel and Ephraim is my
a father to Israel and Ephraim is my firstborn here the word of the Lord O
firstborn here the word of the Lord O
firstborn here the word of the Lord O nations and declare it in the aisles
nations and declare it in the aisles
nations and declare it in the aisles afar off and say he who scattered Israel
afar off and say he who scattered Israel
afar off and say he who scattered Israel will gather him and keep him as a
will gather him and keep him as a
will gather him and keep him as a shepherd does his flock for the Lord has
shepherd does his flock for the Lord has
shepherd does his flock for the Lord has redeemed Jacob and ransomed him from the
redeemed Jacob and ransomed him from the
redeemed Jacob and ransomed him from the hand of one stronger than he therefore
hand of one stronger than he therefore
hand of one stronger than he therefore they shall come and sing in the heights
they shall come and sing in the heights
they shall come and sing in the heights of Zion screaming to the goodness of the
of Zion screaming to the goodness of the
of Zion screaming to the goodness of the Lord
Lord
Lord for wheat and new wine and oil for the
for wheat and new wine and oil for the
for wheat and new wine and oil for the young of the flock and the herd their
young of the flock and the herd their
young of the flock and the herd their soul shall be like a well watered garden
soul shall be like a well watered garden
soul shall be like a well watered garden and they shall sorrow no more at all
and they shall sorrow no more at all
and they shall sorrow no more at all then shall the virgin rejoice in the
then shall the virgin rejoice in the
then shall the virgin rejoice in the dance and the young men and the old
dance and the young men and the old
dance and the young men and the old together for I will turn their mourning
together for I will turn their mourning
together for I will turn their mourning to joy will comfort them and make them
to joy will comfort them and make them
to joy will comfort them and make them rejoice rather than sorrow I will
rejoice rather than sorrow I will
rejoice rather than sorrow I will satiate the soul of the priests with
satiate the soul of the priests with
satiate the soul of the priests with abundance and my people shall be
abundance and my people shall be
abundance and my people shall be satisfied with my goodness says the Lord
satisfied with my goodness says the Lord
satisfied with my goodness says the Lord thus says the Lord a voice was heard in
thus says the Lord a voice was heard in
thus says the Lord a voice was heard in Ramah lamentation and bitter weeping
Ramah lamentation and bitter weeping
Ramah lamentation and bitter weeping Rachel weeping for her children refusing
Rachel weeping for her children refusing
Rachel weeping for her children refusing to be comforted for her children because
to be comforted for her children because
to be comforted for her children because they are no
they are no
they are no thus says the Lord refrain your voice
thus says the Lord refrain your voice
thus says the Lord refrain your voice from weeping and your eyes from tears
from weeping and your eyes from tears
from weeping and your eyes from tears for your work shall be rewarded and they
for your work shall be rewarded and they
for your work shall be rewarded and they shall come back from the land of the
shall come back from the land of the
shall come back from the land of the enemy there is hope in your future that
enemy there is hope in your future that
enemy there is hope in your future that your children shall come back to their
your children shall come back to their
your children shall come back to their own border
own border
own border I have surely heard Ephraim the moaning
I have surely heard Ephraim the moaning
I have surely heard Ephraim the moaning himself
himself
himself you have chastised me and I was
you have chastised me and I was
you have chastised me and I was chastised like an untrained bull restore
chastised like an untrained bull restore
chastised like an untrained bull restore me and I will return for you are the
me and I will return for you are the
me and I will return for you are the Lord my God surely after my turning I
Lord my God surely after my turning I
Lord my God surely after my turning I repented and after I was instructed
repented and after I was instructed
repented and after I was instructed I struck myself on the thigh I was
I struck myself on the thigh I was
I struck myself on the thigh I was ashamed yes even humiliated because I
ashamed yes even humiliated because I
ashamed yes even humiliated because I bore the reproach of my youth as he fry
bore the reproach of my youth as he fry
bore the reproach of my youth as he fry him My dear son
him My dear son
him My dear son is he a pleasant child for though I
is he a pleasant child for though I
is he a pleasant child for though I spoke against him I earnestly remember
spoke against him I earnestly remember
spoke against him I earnestly remember him still
him still
him still therefore my heart yearns for hidden I
therefore my heart yearns for hidden I
therefore my heart yearns for hidden I will surely have mercy on him says the
will surely have mercy on him says the
will surely have mercy on him says the Lord set up signposts make landmarks
Lord set up signposts make landmarks
Lord set up signposts make landmarks such a heart toward the highway the way
such a heart toward the highway the way
such a heart toward the highway the way in which you went turned back Oh Virgin
in which you went turned back Oh Virgin
in which you went turned back Oh Virgin of Israel turned back to these your
of Israel turned back to these your
of Israel turned back to these your cities how long will you get about oh
cities how long will you get about oh
cities how long will you get about oh you backsliding daughter for the Lord
you backsliding daughter for the Lord
you backsliding daughter for the Lord has created a new thing in the earth a
has created a new thing in the earth a
has created a new thing in the earth a woman shall encompass a man thus says
woman shall encompass a man thus says
woman shall encompass a man thus says the Lord of hosts the God
the Lord of hosts the God
the Lord of hosts the God of Israel there shall again use this
of Israel there shall again use this
of Israel there shall again use this speech in the land of Judah and in its
speech in the land of Judah and in its
speech in the land of Judah and in its cities when I bring back their captivity
cities when I bring back their captivity
cities when I bring back their captivity the Lord bless you Oh home of justice
the Lord bless you Oh home of justice
the Lord bless you Oh home of justice and mountain of holiness and there shall
and mountain of holiness and there shall
and mountain of holiness and there shall dwell in Judah itself and in all its
dwell in Judah itself and in all its
dwell in Judah itself and in all its cities together farmers and those going
cities together farmers and those going
cities together farmers and those going out with flocks for I have say ciated
out with flocks for I have say ciated
out with flocks for I have say ciated the weary soul and I have replenished
the weary soul and I have replenished
the weary soul and I have replenished every sorrowful soul after this I awoke
every sorrowful soul after this I awoke
every sorrowful soul after this I awoke and looked around and my sleep was sweet
and looked around and my sleep was sweet
and looked around and my sleep was sweet to me behold the days are coming says
to me behold the days are coming says
to me behold the days are coming says the Lord that I will sow the house of
the Lord that I will sow the house of
the Lord that I will sow the house of Israel and the house of Judah with the
Israel and the house of Judah with the
Israel and the house of Judah with the seed of man and the seed of beasts and
seed of man and the seed of beasts and
seed of man and the seed of beasts and it shall come to pass that as I have
it shall come to pass that as I have
it shall come to pass that as I have watched over them to pluck up to break
watched over them to pluck up to break
watched over them to pluck up to break down to throw down to destroy and to
down to throw down to destroy and to
down to throw down to destroy and to afflict so I will watch over them to
afflict so I will watch over them to
afflict so I will watch over them to build and to plant says the Lord in
build and to plant says the Lord in
build and to plant says the Lord in those days they shall say no more
those days they shall say no more
those days they shall say no more the fathers have eaten sour grapes and
the fathers have eaten sour grapes and
the fathers have eaten sour grapes and the children's teeth are set on edge but
the children's teeth are set on edge but
the children's teeth are set on edge but every one shall die for his own iniquity
every one shall die for his own iniquity
every one shall die for his own iniquity every man who eats the sour grapes his
every man who eats the sour grapes his
every man who eats the sour grapes his teeth shall be set on edge behold the
teeth shall be set on edge behold the
teeth shall be set on edge behold the days are coming says the Lord when I
days are coming says the Lord when I
days are coming says the Lord when I will make a new covenant with the house
will make a new covenant with the house
will make a new covenant with the house of Israel and with the house of Judah
of Israel and with the house of Judah
of Israel and with the house of Judah not according to the Covenant that I
not according to the Covenant that I
not according to the Covenant that I made with their fathers in the day that
made with their fathers in the day that
made with their fathers in the day that I took them by the hand to lead them out
I took them by the hand to lead them out
I took them by the hand to lead them out of the land of Egypt my covenant which
of the land of Egypt my covenant which
of the land of Egypt my covenant which they broke though I was a husband to
they broke though I was a husband to
they broke though I was a husband to them but this is the Covenant that I
them but this is the Covenant that I
them but this is the Covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after
will make with the house of Israel after
will make with the house of Israel after those days I will put my law in their
those days I will put my law in their
those days I will put my law in their minds and write it on their hearts and I
minds and write it on their hearts and I
minds and write it on their hearts and I will be their God and they shall be my
will be their God and they shall be my
will be their God and they shall be my people
people
people no more shall every man teach his
no more shall every man teach his
no more shall every man teach his neighbor and every man his brother
neighbor and every man his brother
neighbor and every man his brother saying know the Lord for they all shall
saying know the Lord for they all shall
saying know the Lord for they all shall know me from the least of them to the
know me from the least of them to the
know me from the least of them to the greatest of them for I will forgive
greatest of them for I will forgive
greatest of them for I will forgive their iniquity and their sin I will
their iniquity and their sin I will
their iniquity and their sin I will remember no more thus says the Lord who
remember no more thus says the Lord who
remember no more thus says the Lord who gives the Sun for a light by day the
gives the Sun for a light by day the
gives the Sun for a light by day the ordinances of the moon and the stars for
ordinances of the moon and the stars for
ordinances of the moon and the stars for a light by night who disturbs the sea
a light by night who disturbs the sea
a light by night who disturbs the sea and it's waves roar the Lord of Hosts is
and it's waves roar the Lord of Hosts is
and it's waves roar the Lord of Hosts is his name
his name
his name if those ordinances depart from before
if those ordinances depart from before
if those ordinances depart from before me says the Lord then the seed of Israel
me says the Lord then the seed of Israel
me says the Lord then the seed of Israel shall also cease from being a nation
shall also cease from being a nation
shall also cease from being a nation before me forever thus says the Lord if
before me forever thus says the Lord if
before me forever thus says the Lord if heaven above can be measured and the
heaven above can be measured and the
heaven above can be measured and the foundations of the earth searched out
foundations of the earth searched out
foundations of the earth searched out beneath I will also cast off all the
beneath I will also cast off all the
beneath I will also cast off all the seed of Israel for all that they have
seed of Israel for all that they have
seed of Israel for all that they have done says the Lord the whole the days
done says the Lord the whole the days
done says the Lord the whole the days are coming says the Lord that the city
are coming says the Lord that the city
are coming says the Lord that the city shall be built for the Lord from the
shall be built for the Lord from the
shall be built for the Lord from the tower of Hannah Nell to the corner gate
tower of Hannah Nell to the corner gate
tower of Hannah Nell to the corner gate the surveyors line shall again extends
the surveyors line shall again extends
the surveyors line shall again extends straight forward over the hill gareb
straight forward over the hill gareb
straight forward over the hill gareb then it shall turn toward goeth and the
then it shall turn toward goeth and the
then it shall turn toward goeth and the whole valley of the dead bodies and of
whole valley of the dead bodies and of
whole valley of the dead bodies and of the ashes and all the fields as far as
the ashes and all the fields as far as
the ashes and all the fields as far as the brook kidron to the corner of the
the brook kidron to the corner of the
the brook kidron to the corner of the horse gate toward the east shall be holy
horse gate toward the east shall be holy
horse gate toward the east shall be holy to the Lord it shall not be plucked up
to the Lord it shall not be plucked up
to the Lord it shall not be plucked up or thrown down anymore for ever